{
  "magic": "E!vIA5L86J2I",
  "timestamp": "2021-01-24T00:49:48.581254+00:00",
  "repo": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
  "labels": [
    {
      "name": "bug",
      "description": "Something isn't working",
      "color": "d73a4a"
    },
    {
      "name": "documentation",
      "description": "Improvements or additions to documentation",
      "color": "0075ca"
    },
    {
      "name": "duplicate",
      "description": "This issue or pull request already exists",
      "color": "cfd3d7"
    },
    {
      "name": "enhancement",
      "description": "New feature or request",
      "color": "a2eeef"
    },
    {
      "name": "good first issue",
      "description": "Good for newcomers",
      "color": "7057ff"
    },
    {
      "name": "help wanted",
      "description": "Extra attention is needed",
      "color": "008672"
    },
    {
      "name": "invalid",
      "description": "This doesn't seem right",
      "color": "e4e669"
    },
    {
      "name": "question",
      "description": "Further information is requested",
      "color": "d876e3"
    },
    {
      "name": "wontfix",
      "description": "This will not be worked on",
      "color": "ffffff"
    }
  ],
  "issues": [],
  "pulls": [
    {
      "number": 1,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTU0MTQ0MDkx",
      "title": "PoliTo content",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/covid19-workshop/pull/1",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "marty90",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-13T12:16:16Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-13T12:41:27Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "f2d6000b333be15a73b11f1e68d86327f56aac9d",
      "headRepository": "marty90/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "patch-1",
      "headRefOid": "d9344e0f04ce9091e36ddfa8c4162da539c38d37",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-13T12:41:27Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-01-13T12:41:26Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "b91cbad9c7de3909e3bdea9fe58b8e4ca282e0a8"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 2,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTU2ODYzMDgx",
      "title": "Add .circleci/config.yml",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/covid19-workshop/pull/2",
      "state": "CLOSED",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-18T14:54:10Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-19T14:39:39Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "d9275f528fa742201b53bf9b1aeca36acc116753",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "circleci-project-setup",
      "headRefOid": "ca7d45d16e125230036968850f0b0c38f8d36f69",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-19T14:39:39Z",
      "mergedAt": null,
      "mergedBy": null,
      "mergeCommit": null,
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 3,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTU3NTk2OTk4",
      "title": "Update draft-iab-covid19-workshop.md",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/covid19-workshop/pull/3",
      "state": "MERGED",
      "author": "jlivingood",
      "authorAssociation": "CONTRIBUTOR",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "Suggested changes -- grammatical & spelling corrections as well as other changes",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-19T17:38:26Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T14:59:30Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "9f6f6f58a11238017a12500d9e44a6d752ebaa66",
      "headRepository": "jlivingood/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "patch-1",
      "headRefOid": "aeaed40993d23dbe4ebc5b2aa469fb9b2f888063",
      "closedAt": "2021-01-22T14:59:30Z",
      "mergedAt": "2021-01-22T14:59:29Z",
      "mergedBy": "mirjak",
      "mergeCommit": {
        "oid": "6f4f3767bb674b50bbd26bfefff4d7e9aac0e4c3"
      },
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": [
        {
          "id": "MDE3OlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0UmV2aWV3NTcyMTgzODg2",
          "commit": {
            "abbreviatedOid": "cb1d1f1"
          },
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "state": "COMMENTED",
          "body": "",
          "createdAt": "2021-01-20T12:45:46Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-01-20T12:45:46Z",
          "comments": [
            {
              "originalPosition": 16,
              "body": "```suggestion\r\nappeared rather abruptly and were significant, in particular during the introduction of the\r\n```",
              "createdAt": "2021-01-20T12:45:46Z",
              "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T14:58:16Z"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    },
    {
      "number": 4,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTYwMDI3NTc4",
      "title": "Proposed edits by Jason Livingood for last mile congestion section",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/covid19-workshop/pull/4",
      "state": "OPEN",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-22T15:12:04Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T15:12:04Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "6f4f3767bb674b50bbd26bfefff4d7e9aac0e4c3",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-1",
      "headRefOid": "75d12784305f8993b2940f6d687c824e5ec1db9e",
      "closedAt": null,
      "mergedAt": null,
      "mergedBy": null,
      "mergeCommit": null,
      "comments": [],
      "reviews": []
    },
    {
      "number": 5,
      "id": "MDExOlB1bGxSZXF1ZXN0NTYwMDI4Nzkz",
      "title": "Proposed text by Jason Livingood for section 3.3",
      "url": "https://github.com/intarchboard/covid19-workshop/pull/5",
      "state": "OPEN",
      "author": "mirjak",
      "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
      "assignees": [],
      "labels": [],
      "body": "",
      "createdAt": "2021-01-22T15:14:02Z",
      "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T15:15:32Z",
      "baseRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "baseRefName": "master",
      "baseRefOid": "6f4f3767bb674b50bbd26bfefff4d7e9aac0e4c3",
      "headRepository": "intarchboard/covid19-workshop",
      "headRefName": "mirjak-patch-2",
      "headRefOid": "6f4615eb1bc35d5f3b290c9f2825a031753a0f57",
      "closedAt": null,
      "mergedAt": null,
      "mergedBy": null,
      "mergeCommit": null,
      "comments": [
        {
          "author": "mirjak",
          "authorAssociation": "MEMBER",
          "body": "@sftcd There is some proposed text here from Jason Livingood. Feel free to merge or otherwise use in your update!",
          "createdAt": "2021-01-22T15:15:32Z",
          "updatedAt": "2021-01-22T15:15:32Z"
        }
      ],
      "reviews": []
    }
  ]
}